Rules that apply during this exam:
      0) You can use the Haskell compiler (ghci) and a text editor to work the problems.
      1) You should download the file answers.zip from d2l, unzip it, and edit the files 
         answers/*.hs to enter your answers. When you're done, zip up the directory, and
         upload to d2l.
      2) You cannot use or search the Internet.
      3) You cannot communicate with anyone over phone, the Internet, email, in person, etc.
      4) You may have your phone next to you but you can only use it in an emergency.
      5) You should be alone in your room when you take the exam.
      6) You should be logged into Zoom throughout the exam, with video turned on, audio turned off.
         We will provide 3 rooms:
            *) Last names starting with A-J, monitored by Christian: https://arizona.zoom.us/j/91371436500
            *) Last names starting with K-R, monitored by Wenkang: https://arizona.zoom.us/j/95562843485
            *) Last names starting with S-Z, monitored by Claire: https://arizona.zoom.us/j/92438567250
      7) This is a closed book exam: no notes, no books, etc.
      8) You may print out the exam.
      9) You may have one blank piece of scratch paper and a pen/pencil.
     10) If you have questions, use Zoom chat to ask them. Keep in mind that everyone can see these
         chats, so don't write anything that reveals an answer.
     11) If you get knocked off the Internet during the exam, don't panic and spend 10 minutes
         figuring out what went wrong! Text me at 520-271-4960 to explain what happened and continue
         taking the exam.
     12) When you're done, submit the modified answers.zip only.
           a) Primarily, upload to d2l.
           b) If that doesn't work, email it to me (collberg@gmail.com).
     13) Don't go over time! You should monitor the time yourself. We will say (over audio and chat)
         "10 minutes left, 5 minutes left, turn in now!" and you are responsible for monitoring these
         channels.
     14) Before you submit the files, make sure that there are no syntax errors! We will both
         run your functions and view them manually.
     15) Don't rename any functions. Don't rename the answers.zip file.

   By submitting this file you certify that you followed the rules above. Even though it's easier
   to cheat under these circumstances, you are still bound by the university's and this course's
   codes of academic integrity.
